<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_m2s_2dp_kpb">
    <title>Benefits</title>
    <body>
        <p>CIDM is an organization dedicated to helping advance the profession of information
            development worldwide. Through CIDM, information professionals can communicate with each
            other regularly and learn about each other’s successes, problems, and innovations.</p>
        <p>Membership benefits include:</p>
        <ul id="ul_vcr_5dp_kpb">
            <li>Conference Passes and Discounts</li>
            <li>To encourage participation in CIDM conferences, members receive free and discounted
                registrations. The number of free passes depends on your membership level and
                conference. Members always receive the best pricing available for all CIDM
                conferences.</li>
            <li>Best Practices Newsletter</li>
            <li>The Best Practices newsletter available to all CIDM members contains a wealth of
                industry-related information. The quarterly newsletter is emailed directly to the
                members then each newsletter article is posted on the CIDM website for future
                reference. Access to the articles is a benefit to members only.</li>
            <li>Members-Only Forum</li>
            <li>Members can join the member-only CIDM Slack Workspace to connect and collaborate. On
                the CIDM Slack Workspace, members can find channels for hiring, training, quality
                control, metrics, content reuse, change management, and more!</li>
            <li>Management Round Tables</li>
            <li>Members can participate in monthly “open-mic” sessions to discuss trends and issues
                associated with information-development. Each month we present a new topic selected
                by members. We’ve discussed everything from managing remote employees to working
                with Subject Matter Experts.</li>
            <li>Information Development Advice</li>
            <li>CIDM is managed by Comtech Services, a leading consulting firm that has been helping
                clients produce better technical content for over 40 years. Members can reach out to
                the Comtech consultants for advice or brainstorm innovated ideas.</li>
            <li>Workshop Discounts</li>
            <li>Members receive discounts for Comtech’s content strategy and DITA training classes.
                Gold and Platinum level members benefit from a two-for-one pricing option for most
                public workshops and also receive a 10% discount on customized in-house
                workshops.</li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</topic>
